Only check for <link> elements if response is HTML (#2574)
cloudflare/wrangler2: .changeset/shaggy-hornets-drop.md

---
"@cloudflare/pages-shared": patch
---

> Only check for <link> elements if response is HTML in Pages asset handler early hints code path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only check for `<link>` elements if the asset response is HTML in Pages' Early Hints feature.
```
